Add related projects section to `README` (#110)
epiverse-trace/simulist: README.Rmd

```{r message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}
citation("simulist")
```

> ## Related projects

Reviewer: In the original simulist project idea I had also listed [ringbp](https://github.com/epiforecasts/ringbp) as an example of a related project since you can also use that package to simulate outbreak data with contact tracing- this however doesn't give you a linelist, although the output could be used to generate a linelist as well, this could be mentioned in this section to highlight why simulist is useful

Reviewer: I was going to add them both but while I was doing so I started to question whether they're actually relevant enough to add them to the table since they're not able to simulate linelists, which is the main point of simulist... what do you think? maybe they could be mentioned in a separate bullet point to say that there are other packages that might do stuff relevant for outbreak simulation but not necessarily provide tailored linelists to the user

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I've added a few bullet points below what was already added to the Related projects section linking to {outbreak}, {ringbp} and {epichains} in 8e4370342e0fefb4225667581fcf04176fca350a.

This project has some overlap with other R packages. Here we list these packages and provide a table of features and attributes that are present for each package to help decide which package is appropriate for each use-case.

In some cases the packages are dedicated to simulating line list and other epidemiological data (e.g. {simulist}), in others the line list simulation is one part of a wider R package (e.g. {EpiNow}). 

> - [`{LLsim}`](https://github.com/jrcpulliam/LLsim) simulates line list data using a stochastic SIR model with a fixed population with observation and reporting delays.

Author: I've added some text on the 2-step simulation required by {LLsim} in a3cbb0dff03e44f9d68ba39fb5c085e2afdf9e5d.

> - [`{simulacr}`](https://github.com/reconhub/simulacr) uses a branching process model to simulate cases and contacts for an outbreak. It simulates transmission of infections using other epidemiological R packages (`{epicontacts}` and `{distcrete}`) to parameterise and plot simulated data.

Reviewer: so this package does the same as {simulist}? I think it'd be good to add a sentence to each of these highlighting what simulist brings to the table, for example user friendliness or the package being self contained and not relying on other packages- obviously in a subtle way without being negative about the other available packages

Author: I'm not sure that going into detail on the differences between the packages is required for the `README`. This section is more of a guide to showcase which other packages are available with a brief description. In my opinion it is up to the user to decide what is the appropriate tool for their use case. 

As you mentioned, it's difficult to advocate for {simulist} versus the other listed packages without being negative about them. 

Hopefully the table of features will provide a high-level guide to which tool is appropriate to use (e.g. showing which packages are no longer maintained).

> - [`{epidict}`](https://github.com/R4EPI/epidict) is a package for data dictionaries for outbreaks and surveys. It can generate line list data using an outbreak data dictionary (`gen_data()`). Currently MSF outbreak data dictionaries for Acute Jaundice Syndrome, Cholera, Measles and Meningitis are available.

Reviewer: maybe clarifying what surveys here?

> - [`{epidict}`](https://github.com/R4EPI/epidict) is a package for data dictionaries for outbreaks and surveys. It can generate line list data using an outbreak data dictionary (`gen_data()`). Currently MSF outbreak data dictionaries for Acute Jaundice Syndrome, Cholera, Measles and Meningitis are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`{epidict}`](https://github.com/R4EPI/epidict) is a package that can be used to simulate outbreak data, including linelists, in a DHIS2 format, and survey data that mimics the format by Kobo, using the function `gen_data()`. In addition, MSF outbreak data are available in this package as data dictionaries for Acute Jaundice Syndrome, Cholera, Measles and Meningitis, accessible through the function `msf_dict()`.
```

> - [`{EpiNow}`](https://github.com/epiforecasts/EpiNow) - a now deprecated R package - includes the `simulate_cases()` and `generate_pseudo_linelist()` functions for generating line list data.

Author: > Is the list's justification to compare simulist to existing projects to showcase what simulist can do that others can't or to act as a resource so users can access other packages for those cases where using simulist is not an option?

I would say definitely the latter. As an open source project, {simulist} doesn't want to claim a monopoly of functionality over every other package that is related or overlaps with {simulist}. This is just a guide in case the user wants to work out which tools can help them to accomplish their task. As part of this the feature table will highlight what {simulist} can do that the other packages can't (or vice versa) but it is not to show what other packages cannot do.

> most importantly it's a deprecated package- should we even include it in this list?

For now I think it's best to include, however, if over time we think that we should remove deprecated packages from the list then we can do. Arguably, packages that are not maintained and haven't been developed in several years could also be termed deprecated, it is just the maintainer has not explicitly tagged the package as such.

- [generative-nowcasting](https://github.com/adrian-lison/generative-nowcasting) is a set of R scripts and functions to perform epidemiological nowcasting. There are [functions to simulate line list data](https://github.com/adrian-lison/generative-nowcasting/blob/bf48e027e82ce9d42de468d0b708d010253b7475/code/utils/utils_simulate.R) within the repository, but the repository is not (and does not contain) an R package. Functions can be sourced. Cases are simulated with a renewal process and the simulation can incorporate epidemiological delays and ascertainment.

<details> 

<summary> Table of line list simulator features </summary>

|                | {simulist}     | {LLsim}        | {simulacr}     | {epidict}      | {EpiNow}       | generative-nowcasting       | 
| -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Simulates line list | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |

> | Simulates contacts | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | :x: |

Author: I will leave the "Simulates contacts" field as ✅ for {LLsim} as the contact information is returned and can be used to generate an `<epicontacts>` object, see https://github.com/jrcpulliam/LLsim/blob/master/vignettes/plagueJoshi.Rmd. I see you point about the separate `<data.frame>`, and I prefer this approach in {simulist}, but I still think the {LLsim} approach warrants a ✅.

| Parameterised with epi distributions | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |

> | Interoperable with {epicontacts} | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | :x: |

Reviewer: Columns that I think need a footnote: parameterised with epi distributions, explicit population size, unit testing

Author: I've added footnotes for all of these fields in 2ff93f0e16b283d30ff09a19c5436516247bcc7d.
